    link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/ENAS_E/pen/WNOwQbd?editors=1100
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
     It is HTML that gives meaning to our markup.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
     HTML (Hypertext Markup Language) is the code that is used to structure a web page and its content.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
     HTML attributes are special words used inside the opening tag to control the element's behaviour. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
     The H1 tag is an HTML heading that's most commonly used to mark up a web page title. Most websites use CSS to make the H1 stand out on the page compared to lesser headings like H2, H3, etc.
     And only Your website should have one h1 tag.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
     img and a.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
     HTML <head> Tag. The <head> tag contains metadata (document title, character set, styles, links, scripts), specific information about the web page that is not displayed to the user.
     Metadata provides browsers and search engines with technical information about the web page.
    7. What is an id? 
     The id attribute is a unique identifier which is used to specify the document.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
     the id attribute can be used on any HTML element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
     The HTML id attribute is used to specify a unique id for an HTML element. You cannot have more than one element with the same id in an HTML document.
    10. What is a class? 
      The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
       The class attribute can be used on any HTML element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
      The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        just add a target="_blank" attribute to your links (anchor tags). 
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
      ALT text is accessed by screen reader users to provide them with a text equivalent of images.
    15. How do I reference an id?
      write a hashtag (#) followed by the ID of the element.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
      <section> means that the content inside is grouped (i.e. relates to a single theme), and should appear as an entry in an outline of the page. <div> , 
      on the other hand, does not convey any meaning, aside from any found in its class , lang and title attributes.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
      CSS is the language for describing the presentation of Web pages, including colors, layout, and fonts.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        Elament's name for example h2 {
           name of  attribute : value;
        }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        id is used for single elements that appear on the page for only once (e.g. header, footer, menu),
         whereas class is used for single or multiple elements that appear on the page for once or more than once (e.g. paragraphs, links, ..
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        class selector selects elements with a specific class attribute.
         To select elements with a specific class, write a period (.) character, followed by the name of the class.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of "human""?
            a,p,.human{

            }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
       Child Selector: Child Selector is used to match all the elements which are child of a specified element. The element > element selector selects those elements which are the children of specific parent. 
       The operand on the left side of > is the parent and the operand on the right is the children element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
         .sidebar,a,div : link{

         }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        CSS pseudo-classes are used to add styles to selectors, but only when those selectors meet certain conditions. A pseudo class is expressed by adding a colon (:) after a selector in CSS,
         followed by a pseudo-class such as "hover", "focus", or "active", like this: a:hover { /* your style here */ }
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
      IN CSS==>Use the line-height property in CSS to do so. Browsers by default will create a certain amount of space between lines to ensure that the text is easily readable. For example, for 12-point type, a browser will place about 1 point of vertical space between lines.
      IN HTML ==><br>,
       
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    default letter-spacing: normal; The spacing between the characters is normal. ...
      letter-spacing: 2px; You can use pixel values. ...
      letter-spacing: 0.1em; You can use em values: this allows the spacing to remain relative to the font-size.
      in HTML ==> To create extra spaces before, after, or in-between your text, use the &nbsp; (non-breaking space) extended HTML character.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
     text-transform: Capitalize;
     text-transform: lowercase;
     text-transform: uppercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
       div {
           border: dotted 1px black;
       }
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    *{

    } 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
      place your plain text inside /* */ marks. 
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
       pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
       Ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
          rm filename,  with some systems, you won't be prompted before deleting the file. You could easily lose a lot of work.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
      Version control is important to keep track of changes — and keep every team member working off the latest version. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
       commit whenever you finish a step , add or updata.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
         git push -u origin yourname 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 